[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Be here now.
Don't anticipate.
Don't yearn for
things of the past.
Let the past go
with forgiveness.
And let the future go
with no anticipation.
Each of us contains a
being that doesn't die
and a being that does die.
Everything must change,
except the soul.
Your preparation
for dying is done
by identifying with
your soul, not your ego.
Identify with your soul now.
Realms other than the
one we are meeting on,
realms where we meet the
souls that we have known
in the past as just souls.
We won't meet them in their
clothing of mother or father
or uncle or aunt.
Then are sensual planes,
planes with color,
music, planes
which have no form.
This plane is where
all of it starts.
This plane is the womb,
the beginning of things.
This plane is ecstatic, is
the ultimate creativity.
Dying is the most
important moment
that exists in any incarnation.
It is important that you not be
so overwhelmed by the processes
of dying.
I wish you a process for dying
that doesn't overwhelm you.
I wish you a moment of dying
that you can be conscious of.
I wish you a future incarnation
in a plane of incredible light.